It's not fine to take Putin's side.
We're going to launch
our own tweet attack
on the Russian Embassy tonight.
Don't poke the Putin
is the best hashtag ever.
Vladimir Putin is not a nice guy.
He's a fucking thug who keeps
getting away with this shit.
I tell you what, Russia,
you might be able to beat us
with cyber technology,
but we will not be out-memed.
This is the one that
I've come up with.
Yeah, Adam...
I just can't wait to
see how this plays out.
It's not OK to be on Russia's side.
No-one's going to bother voting.
Conspiracy.
# What goes on
# Thank you for letting
us by ourselves
# So don't mind me
if I repeat myself
# These simples
rhymes be good for your health
# To keep them
crime rhymes on the shelf
# Live, love life
like you just don't care
# 5,000 leaders never scared
# Bring the noise,
it's the moment they fear
# Get up, still a beautiful idea. #
CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
Make fun of Russia, go into
hiding and find a new host.
It's Friday, we're live
and it's time for The Last Leg!
CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
Tonight on the show we refresh
Facebook,
..keep poking Putin...
..and share some
Winter Paralympic gold.
Plus, we'll be joined on the couch
by me, actor Michael Sheen,
and Winter Paralympian's
Menna Fitzpatrick and Jen Kehoe -
on the show that always
keeps the ball in the air.
CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
Yes.
G'day.
LAUGHTER
Hello, I'm Michael Sheen...
Welcome to the...
You know, I'm going to stop the
Aussie accent. It's so annoying.
I don't how you put up with it.
No. I really don't.
Welcome to The Last Leg,
the show that carries on
even when it's lost a host.
With me on the couch, as always,
are the pride of Dartmoor
Josh Widdicombe...
CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
..and is the man who thought
tonight's show was being hosted
by the guy from the West Wing,
Alex Brooker.
CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
Have a good week, Michael?
Nah, I don't get out much, really.
Do you not? Well, this is nice,
isn't it? Yeah, it's lovely.
It's good to see you.
Yeah, I've peed all over the set.
So this is mine now.
Adam does that normally, anyway,
so it's fine. Does he? Yeah.
That's what I've heard, yeah.
Got any leg stories?
News just in, still got two of them.
Well, isn't that nice? Yeah.
What a refreshing
change from a host.
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
What the hell is going on?
No! What...?
What on earth is going on?
Why are you hosting the show?
It's time for a regime change.
I have been locked in my dressing
room for the last half hour
by someone who sounded
suspiciously like Tony Blair.
Sorry about that. Get off.
Get off, Sheen. AUDIENCE: Aww!
Oh, don't play the big puppy...
Let's put it to the vote.
Who wants me to stay?
Go on. Oh, all right! Oh, right.
Let's put it to the vote.
Who wants Michael to stay? OK.
Ladies and gentlemen...
Fight to the death!
Stay!
LIGHT APPLAUSE
Who wants me to host the show?
APPLAUSE
I'm so sorry, it turns out
most of these people
are from Cambridge Analytica.
Michael Sheen will be back!
CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
What?!
I mean, what is that?
Adam, can I just say...?
I've been looking for that.
It's lovely...
I'm sorry, Alex, it's yours.
It's lovely to see you
and I, at no point,
said anything positive about our
new host and I missed you a lot.
Do you know what annoyed me the
most?
Michael did one of those little ads
that went out during Gogglebox
saying that Michael Sheen
is hosting the show
and I went on Twitter to see
what people's reaction was.
Literally, no-one gave a shit.
Couldn't have cared less.
"Oh, look, Michael Sheen's
on the show."
Look, a lot of people...
Do you know what was weird?
After talking about Vladimir Putin
on last week's show,
a lot of people tweeted
straight away to see if I was OK.
The weird thing was,
I didn't think anything of it.
But so many tweets came in that I
thought, "Maybe I should be scared."
The next morning,
without a word of a lie,
my wife and daughters
went back to Australia.
And I got up early... To take cover?
They were advised to.
Wanted to distance
themselves from it.
They hopped in a cab. The cab came
the next morning to pick them up.
All fine, I was helping put the kids
in the car and putting
the bags in, and as I left
the driver looked at me and went...
RUSSIAN ACCENT: "Thank you
for your help, sir."
Agggh!
And then with a smile went,
"I'll take good care of them."
At least he said "good care".
If he's just said,
"I'll take care of them..."
Weirdly, following on from that,
later on Saturday afternoon I took
a flight to Dublin to do
a comedy show
and we were delayed on the tar-mac,
and the captain came on before
we even left the jetway and said,
"Ladies and gentlemen,
sorry for the delay.
"Two passengers are trying to board
the plane
"who aren't on our security system."
Oh, my God.
And I was like, "What?!"
Why are they...? Why announce
that for the reason for the delay?
No-one wants to hear that.
Just say, we're sorry we're delayed,
we're making the plane extra safe.
That's what you say. I'd have
rather heard in that situation,
"Look, someone's smoking on here,
we're just going to wait a bit."
I was expecting to see two Russians
walk down trying to be Irish.
"Oh, begosh and begorrah."
Look, clearly, I'm alive
and well and I am in no way afraid
of what Vladimir Putin
might do to me.
So let's got onto the news now.
And Europe celebrated President
Putin's outstanding election result
this week. Cambridge Analytica
was lauded for its amazing work
and Theresa May is suspected
of poisoning the Russian spy.
I'm kidding.
Josh...? That was all
fake news, by the way.
And Josh was the victim of fake
news this week.
I was the victim for the first time
of fake news. I know how it feels.
Yeah. Now, you might remember last
year we went to the RTS awards
and I got quite drunk. Yes.
And I don't know if we talked about
it on the show,
but the tabloid newspapers published
this picture of me
falling into a cab.
If I remember correctly, we
christened youth Slosh Widdicombe.
Yes.
The tabloid said I had been
guzzling red wine
and I'm forever, by all my friends
now, called the Guzzler.
Now, I thought I'd left this behind.
This year we went
to the same awards ceremony.
This year I didn't get drunk.
Bollocks! That's fake news!
No, I didn't get drunk and they
published the same fucking picture
but pretended it was from this year!
Whoa!
Fake news. Absolutely. Yeah.
So then I complained, right?
I complained. Yeah.
And so they then changed
the story to this...
Which is a picture saying
he wasn't as drunk as last year.
Unbelievable!
You know...?
That picture is going
to follow me round. Yeah.
At my funeral it's going
to be on top of the coffin.
I'm going to be like
one of these people
that's defined by one thing,
like Neville Chamberlain
or Kinga from Big Brother.
And to anyone watching, a belated
happy Slosh Widdicombe Day
for last Wednesday.
Now, we do have a lot of news
to cover tonight.
Once again, our thoughts are with
France after three people
were killed today by another
nut job claiming to be doing
the work of Islamic State.
Islamic State, of course,
have taken responsibility.
But, let's face, right now they're
so desperate for attention
they'd probably claim credit
for Justin Timberlake's last album.
No offence, Alex.
Offence taken.
As always, we will do our best
to answer your big questions.
This week you can tweet
them to us...
Use the hashtag...
For example, is it OK that
ITV have a spare 90 minutes tomorrow
night after deciding to rest
Ant & Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway?
Yes, it's OK.
Is it OK they are genuinely
filling the gap with a special
screening of Fast And Furious 5?
I mean, think it through, ITV!
It would be like Channel 4 replacing
The Jump with 24 Hours In A&E.
Onto the big news now and
indochine UK asked,
"Is it OK that I
don't understand what's going on
"in the Cambridge Analytica
Facebook scandal...?"
This is an excellent question
this week.
It all stems from a personality
quiz on Facebook in 2014
called My Digital Life.
Around 270,000
people took that quiz.
Now, by taking the quiz,
you allowed My Digital life
access to your personal data
as well as the personal data
of all of your friends,
which amounted to
nearly 50,000,000 people.
Now, as bad as it was,
it would been much worse
had Kevin Bacon taken the quiz.
Yes? I'm really worried
about it
because I took a quiz a couple of
weeks ago on Facebook
and now I'm just really concerned
that Cambridge Analytica
know which Disney princess I am.
And I've been having loads
of ads popping up asking me
if I want to build a snowman.
They're saying remainers
need to let it go.
It's just an invasion of my privacy.
I always thought you were more like
an Ariel from The Little Mermaid,
mainly because you
want to walk like the humans.
Oh!
My word!
It's funny cos it's true.
Do you know what?
I do miss you when you're not here.
Yeah, yeah, do that joke, Sheen!
Now... Are you going to
say that after every joke?
Yep, that's my new catchphrase.
Now, the data was then allegedly...
DAY-ta.
I know, it's DAY-ta!
Bring back Sheen.
The DAY-ta was allegedly sold
to Cambridge Analytica,
who analysed people's details
and then created online ads using
their deepest fears
to make them vote a certain way.
For example, they found that
if someone used racist language
in Facebook messages,
they could then target them
with fake news about the dangers
of immigration.
It's kind of like if someone knocked
on your door to persuade you to
vote in a local election, but the
day before knocking on your door
they'd broken into your house,
gone through all your stuff,
then come up with a message
based on what they knew
would scare you the most.
That's kind of the best
way to describe it.
I left Facebook about five years
ago. Yeah.
What's happened?!
When I left, like,
the only details they'd have of me
was that I was
maybe attending everything
and that I had refused
a friend request from my auntie.
But, also, your deepest fears?
Yeah.
I wasn't putting that on Facebook.
I wasn't going on and going,
"Last night I dreamt I was
in maths class and I was naked."
Also, the thing that scares me most
about Facebook
are the people on Facebook.
Like, I know it's bad what
Cambridge Analytica have done,
but nothing is worse than
the people that are on Facebook.
Sometimes the sort of people who
do a status talking about someone
but don't name them.
The sort of status where the only
reply to it is, "You OK, hun?"
The sort of people who are
sending you FarmVille requests.
Look, if the farm's not sorted
by now,
it's never going
to be fucking sorted.
I feel sorry for
Cambridge Analytica.
Well, to give
an example how accurately
they could target information,
they discovered that people who
liked anti-Israeli posts,
for some reason also
like Kit Kats.
I don't know how that works but
it does explain Kit Kat's
new marketing slogan
"Give Israel The Finger".
I'm... Yeah? I like Kit Kats. Yeah.
I'm now worried that
I don't know my own views.
Am I going to have to be eating my
Kit Kats in the wrapper of a Twix?
You may have to.
All this took place during the
recent US presidential election.
And in an interesting side note,
Cambridge Analytica was set up
by Donald Trump's campaign
manager Steve Bannon.
In fact, one whistle-blower
described the system as
"Steve Bannon's psychological
warfare mind-fuck tool."
That was the actually the working
title for
Sgt Pepper's Lonely
Hearts Club Band.
Isn't it what Steve Bannon
calls his penis?
Now, a lot of this was uncovered
by a Channel 4 sting in which
members of Cambridge Analytica said
they used bribery,
smear campaigns
and Ukrainian prostitutes
to influence elections
in places like Nigeria.
That is true because
I got an e-mail from a Nigerian
and he told me that
it's really corrupt over there.
He's been put in jail for nothing.
Really? Did you have to pay
money to get him out?
Yep, but it's all going to be fine,
Adam.
If you need any more signs that
there might have been something
suspicious about My Digital life,
the creator of the app published
studies under the surname Spectre,
which is also the name of the evil
organisation in Bond films.
I bet his mum still calls him Ian.
Well, his title was actually
Dr Spectre.
"Mum! No, it's Dr Spectre."
"Dinner's ready, Ian.
It's Dr Spectre!"
Who was also spotted buying
a swivel chair and a cat.
So to answer the question of the
tweet,
it looks like the bad guys
might be Cambridge Analytica
for manipulating people and
Facebook for letting them do it.
Now, Facebook shares dropped,
although luckily for Mark Zuckerberg
he sold off an enormous number
of shares just last week.
Almost as if he knew something was
coming.
Oh, he knew all about it.
He was a prick in the film,
wasn't he?
The hashtag #deleteFacebook
trended this week as people
threatened to do just that.
How many really... How many people
do you think really deleted
their Facebook pages.
No-one's leaving.
No amount of data
is worth the ability to
check-up on your ex's photos.
I don't think we should
delete Facebook,
I think we should fuck with
Facebook.
So one way to do that...
And this is genuine.
..is to stop liking
or disliking things
because that's how they work out
what your fears are
and what your likes are.
And then they can work
out what to target you with.
So stop liking or disliking things.
Or another way is just
start liking some random shit
so that they can't work you out.
Maybe change your profile
picture to be someone else.
I did that this afternoon.
In fact, on Facebook as of today,
I am now a 75-year-old woman
called Myrna, who likes heavy-metal,
composting
and has a penchant for anal beads.
The anal beads were on there before,
don't bullshit!
I had to think of something so my
friends knew it was me!
I love the idea that your wife, who
you've said has just gone back to
Australia, has logged on to Facebook
and gone, "Fucking hell."
Since I've gone he's found
the real him at last.
I wondered why I walked in last week
and he was wearing one of my shoes.
Here's what we want you to do
tonight, we want you to mess
with Facebook's algorithm at home
by changing your profile.
Now it only has to be for an hour
or so, just to the end of the show.
Just enough to mess up their system.
This is your challenge -
change your profile pic,
change your hobbies,
maybe even like a few mad things.
Tell us what you've done or send us
a screen grab...
Use the hashtag...
And we'll check in on them
later in the show. Do you know what?
As much as I think it's appalling
that these ads, and political ads,
in particular, are targeting people,
there are sometimes
when I wish the ads were
targeted at me a bit more
because a couple of weeks ago I was
on a Rugby League app on my phone.
Do you play Rugby League?
I know, I've never talked about it.
This fairly questionable
ad popped up on my phone
and I've no idea why. Now...
LAUGHTER
Wow. That is...
I have not been searching anything
that would link to that.
I'd have had you down
of more of a fake leg taxi man.
That... So, sorry, you...
This came up on your phone...
As an ad, yeah.
And rather than think, "I'm never
going to tell anyone about that,"
you put that on TV?!
Are you hiding in plain sight?
I've also done a little bit
of research, not into the ad itself.
But in the top right-hand corner
there is a symbol there
for a company called AdChoices.
Yeah.
"This is a programme for online
interest-based advertising.
"They selectively display
ads based on browsing history
"primarily using clickage to
users most likely to identify
"with and respond to the ad's
specific content."
Now... I know...
Look, I don't want to be
a hypocrite, but we all...
What have you been googling?
You've...
Be honest with me, have you
been bashing the old Harold Bishop?
The only thing I've googled
that would lead me
to that is Roger Banister.
To be fair, like Roger Banister,
you all finish
in under four minutes.
It is a confusing issue and it
does take a lot of explaining.
And, look, we talked about a lot
about it this week.
And the best way I can explain it
to Alex is like this, imagine
if Facebook got all of your personal
details from your friends' Facebook
page then created a political ad
based on your biggest fears.
Now, if, say, Facebook and Cambridge
Analytica knew that Alex
was thinking of voting
for Jeremy Corbyn,
it could then dissuade
him with an ad like this.
Voting for Jeremy Corbyn?
There are one or two things
you should know first.
Jeremy Corbyn wants to give
Arsene Wenger another 10 years.
Jeremy Corbyn wants to restrict
Nando's to lemon and herb
and he wants to replace
chicken with tofu.
Jeremy Corbyn wants to refuse
Justin Timberlake a visa
to perform in the UK.
So if you want Arsenal
to be shit,
Nando's to be shitter,
and JT to stay in America,
then vote for Jeremy Corbyn.
Written, spoken and authorised
by someone who spent a few
minutes on Alex's Facebook page.
APPPLAUSE
I feel physically sick.
All right, let's welcome
back tonight's first guest.
He's an actor who's been handed
a BAFTA, an Emmy and OBE.
Would you please welcome
Michael Sheen?!
CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
Come on. It's so nice to have you
back.
It's been forever. Yeah.
I've missed you. Oh, we got
the band back together again.
OK, firstly, I'm not going to
talk about your Australian accent.
All right, I won't talk about
yours either, then.
I tell you what, #bringbackSheen
has gone mental on social media.
You wouldn't believe it!
Being that you have played
a lot of famous people,
whether it be Tony Blair
or Brain Clough, or all of them.
When you watch the news
like the news that's going on
at the moment, do you start
sizing people up thinking,
"Right, who am I going to play?
How do I do their accent?" Yeah.
Yeah, I mean, you know,
I'd give Theresa May a good go.
Right.
I hope that's not taken
in isolation.
What was the question again?
OK, I'm going to move on from that.
How did you feel about the Cambridge
Analytica story this week?
Well, having been in a relationship
with a stand-up comic,
I'm used to having my very
personal information made public.
So I think, you know, I was aware of
that.
But I've also been...
I've been following the work
that Carole Cadwalladr does,
the journalist who's been doing
all this stuff.
I've been following her stuff on
Cambridge Analytica
for, like, over a year. Yeah, yeah.
So to suddenly see it...
And she's been belittled and
ridiculed and all the rest of it,
and to see it just blow
up like this is amazing.
She's done extraordinary work,
I think.
In a weird way, that's what makes me
think there might be more to this,
because of the amount of flak she
got for looking into it
in the first place.
Yeah. They've been resisting.
Yeah. Even if Cambridge Analytica
did abide
by Facebook's terms and conditions,
we wouldn't know,
because we don't look
at the terms and conditions.
Genuinely, having printed out...
Here's the thing - if you print out
Facebook's terms and conditions,
there's only a few pages,
but each of those pages has a link
and if you follow all of those
links on all of those pages
they take you to more links.
And if you print out all of
Facebook's terms and conditions,
this is what they look like.
It is 87,000 words.
That is the same amount as
George Orwell's book 1984
and is more than Lord Of The Flies,
Catcher In The Rye
and the book that The Social
Network, the movie, was based on.
But I think people read it,
they just need to market it right.
Make it like something
that you'd want to read.
You know,
just a marketing campaign -
"More terms than Putin,
more conditions in the Paralympics.
"Read this."
You see, no-one is going to read
these.
No-one is going to read these.
But... Go with me on this.
I think if Michael Sheen read
them to you in a lovely way,
people would pay more attention.
So as a public service,
can I hand these to you,
can you sit in that chair
over there?
Michael is going to start reading
the Facebook terms and conditions
in a more welcoming style.
Michael, when you're ready, when
you're comfortable, take it away.
RELAXING MUSIC PLAYS
It was the best of terms,
it was the worst of terms.
Not really!
"This agreement was written
in US English.
"To the extent that any translated
version of this agreement
"conflicts with the US English
version,
"the US English version prevails.
"Please note that section 16
contains certain changes..."
We'll have more Last Leg for
you after the break
as we celebrate our
Winter Paralympian's,
plus we want to know
how you're fucking with Facebook.
Tell us how you've
changed your profile or send us
a screen grab at...
We'll see you soon.
CHEERING AND APPLUASE
..and if you agree to the terms
and conditions,
click "I accept."
CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
ADAM LAUGHS
Oh, wow.
I take everything back,
that was remarkable.
Just give me a minute. OK, OK.
Welcome back to The Last Leg,
where Michael Sheen has
just read the entire Facebook
terms and conditions
during the ad break. That was an
incredible piece of work. Thank you.
And should... Also, someone
tweeted to say is it OK,
fair play to the person
who tweeted all that out.
Yes, one of the people that works
for us at The Last Leg
an entire day yesterday t...
Printing, sorry, printing out all
the Facebook terms and conditions
to the point where they thought
we were up pranking him.
At least I know now
you weren't pranking me.
Now, Michael, you're taking a
break from acting at the moment,
why is that? Well, not really taking
a break, no, but I've just kind of
shifted the focus a little bit.
Right. And I've started...
So, over the last seven or
eight years,
you know what it's like,
well, one of you may.
If you've got a bit of celebrity,
people start to...
Oh, I see. I am starting to like him
now, yeah.
People start to ask you will you
come and support this cause
and get involved with this project
and that was happening
more and more and I was
getting more and more involved
that I thought, "Well, I've either
got to step back from this
"or I've got to take a step
forward," which I did. Right.
And so, this week, I've launched one
of the projects I've been working on
the last couple of years
which is an alliance to try
and end exploitative
high cost credit,
targeting people who can
least afford it and to support
the alternative, fairer,
more responsible finance companies
to take their place.
And so these are like the payday
companies that give you loans
at ridiculous interest rates?
Yeah, so it's like payday lenders
and rent-to-own businesses
and doorstep lending
that kind of give you cash in hand,
make it really easy,
you need some money to get through,
it's for people who sort of unable
to get mainstream credit
a lot of the time and they
make it really easy for you
but then they get you to pay
a little bit each week
and you end up paying four, five
times what someone like yourself
or myself would pay for basic things
like washing machines and TVs.
And how did you get involved
in this particular cause?
Well, I just heard people
talking about it more and more,
from the area that I come from in
Wales but all over the place,
people starting talking about
debt levels, you know,
and people struggling with money
stuff.
So I started looking into it
and the more I looked into it,
the more just outraged I was,
it just seemed incredibly unfair.
And then I realised, "Well, there's
a lot of great work being done
"in this area,
lots of organisations"
but it wasn't quite as joined
up as it could be
and of the things
that I am able to do,
I'm not an expert on any of
this stuff
but I can sort of get people
into a room together,
even if it's just for me to
sign their daughter's Twilight DVD.
Can I just say...?
LAUGHTER
Just when I thought
I couldn't love you more.
So what's the alternative,
what's the option that people have
rather than these payday lenders
with ridiculous...?
Well, there are these not for profit
companies... Yeah.
like Moneyline, Street UK,
Fair For You,
Scotcash, Five Lamps.
Not for profit companies, so any
money they make gets put back
into the company to try and bring
the price of borrowing down
and they will also, rather
than these other companies
that ask no questions,
just give you the money,
don't care whether you're going
to get into trouble or not,
they actually create a relationship,
they put your needs
at the heart of it
and it's a responsible
kind of relationship.
So, we want to support those.
They're really small,
those companies... Yeah.
..so they need more support
and we need to get people
to know about them.
I was looking into it, though,
and one of the payday companies,
a short-term loan with them,
the representative APR is 1,500%.
Even the Krays would've
been more reasonable with that,
wouldn't they? That's ridiculous.
And it's such a great... I mean,
good luck getting involved
in the world of politics, though,
cos you know what the
world of politics is like.
Even today, while Jeremy Corbyn
threw Owen Smith off
the front bench for pushing
for a second EU referendum,
Andy asked us...
He did...
What was he doing to dead fish?
Maybe this person, Andy...
There were a few jokes here
cos he also had
hashtag "codbotherer",
hashtag "strictlychumdancing",
hashtag "350millionsquidfortheNHS."
Is he writing for you?
This is all because Britain
has agreed to stick
with EU fisheries laws
during the Brexit transition
which means EU fishermen still
have access to UK waters
up until the transition takes place.
So, what, we share waters? Yes.
It's like when you split up
with someone
and then you have to share
a house for six months, isn't it?
It's virtually what's happening,
yeah. So Brexiteers like
Nigel Farage and Jacob Rees-Mogg
are so angry about this
they decided to throw some dead fish
off a boat in the Thames as protest.
That is the logical thing to do.
Of course. Problem was,
Rees-Mogg couldn't board the boat
because it wasn't allowed to dock,
which is why Nigel Farage took over.
Here he is clearly relishing
his return to the spotlight.
I'm dumping fish in the Thames.
INDISTINCT SPEECH
What a waste!
You know what, where's an
iceberg when you need it!
See, this is what happens
when you drink at lunch time.
You go out for a quick pint
and before you know it,
you're chucking fish off a boat and
hurling insults at Parliament.
Is it true that just after that
clip, a sassy sea bass
threw Farage back...?
LAUGHTER DROWNS SPEECH
I don't think Nigel Farage or Jacob
Rees-Mogg actually give two shits
about people who fish for a living
and we know this
cos Nigel Farage was criticised
by a top EU official
for only turning up to one of the
42 meetings about fishing laws
and the closest Jacob Rees-Mogg
has ever been to a fisherman
was when he got front row tickets to
see Pirates Of Penzance.
Now, in their defence, Farage
said he worked 18-hour days
and had no time for the meetings,
while Rees-Mogg said that his nanny
once bought some turbot
from a man who seemed nice.
Nigel Farage did record this
message for us on the day, though.
Ah! Ah!
Get off! Get off!
All right, let's talk
Winter Paralympics now
and as Menna Fitzpatrick...
Do you know what,
the budget of this show has been
blown, hasn't it, with that VT?
As Menna Fitzpatrick and Jen Kehoe
finally pipped Henrieta Farkasova
for a gold medal, John asked...
All right, let's find out!
Would you please welcome
Britain's most decorated
Winter Paralympians ever -
Menna Fitzpatrick and Jen Kehoe.
CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
CHEERING
Welcome, welcome, welcome.
Before we even talk about
the amount of medals
that are around both of your necks,
let's see your winning run.
COMMENTATOR: She's giving
herself every opportunity
for a piece of history here
for Great Britain.
Still driving, still turning.
Care here on this
last tricky section.
Watch the clock, she's in front!
Farkasova was 0.18 away.
Has she done it? No!
It's gold for Menna Fitzpatrick!
I'll say it again.
It's gold for Great Britain.
Menna Fitzpatrick along with
her brilliant guide, Jen Kehoe,
take the gold in the women's
visually impaired slalom.
CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
Absolute... Absolute goose bumps,
watching that,
I had goose bumps watching that.
When did you know, Menna?
Did you have to wait for
Jen to tell you?
I pretty much knew as soon as
she jumped on me!
Yeah, I guess that didn't happen
when you got the silvers. No.
And what was... Is it
Farkasova or "Far-kasava"?
"Far-kasava," we think.
We're not really sure.
I mean, it would've been weird
to have asked, I suppose.
Was she nice, did you talk to her?
Yeah, she was lovely. She doesn't
speak much English, though.
Right, OK. So we're kind of
translating through Natalia.
Her guide. So, yeah, we chat to them
a lot and it's very friendly.
OK, so it would've been weird
to have explained
the Farkasova joke to her anyway,
yeah.
Imagine trying to explain
that on the podium.
"Cos it sounds like fuck!"
How did you calm your nerves
right before each race?
It ended up combining
three different
nerve controlling techniques...
Yeah.
..which is, the first one
is butterflies,
imagining they're getting
in formation
and travelling in
the right direction. Yeah.
The second one is T-cup,
which stands for thinking
calmly under pressure.
OK, yeah. So you picture a teacup
and just not think
about anything else.
Yeah. Can I ask, is there tea in it?
I was definitely picturing that.
How are you taking that tea?
Strong and milky.
Strong and milky, yeah,
that's what I'd go for.
And it has to be Tetley.
It has to be Tetley!
You're representing
Britain after all.
And what was the third one?
And the third thing
was yogic breathing.
Right, and did you do all of those?
I did try and do all of them at the
same time, which doesn't work!
Did you just picture, like, drowning
butterflies in a cup of tea?
No, Jen came up with this,
but picture butterflies drinking
tea whilst doing yoga.
Oh, right. It's natural.
It made her laugh and so...
Are you going to get
urine tested now?
Funny enough, I did get tested about
four times during the Paralympics.
I'm not surprised with that much tea
in your system.
So, what happened? You guys are
connected up with a Bluetooth system
during the race so you can
guide Menna during the race,
what happened? That's right.
Well, so, normally we've got
two way comms, we talk to each
other, as you heard,
shouting most of the time. Yeah.
And it went off in both
runs which it never goes wrong...
It never goes off, but we have...
JOSH: Bloody Russians!
JEN: I know!
Do you just have a load
of voicemails at the bottom going,
"Was it left? Was it left?"
If you watch it carefully, you
can see me whacking my head,
which was me just putting
the comms back on and hoping
that they'd come back
and luckily they did. Right.
It had gone quiet in the back seat
and I don't think it was because
Menna was having a great time or
just chilling out.
JOSH: She was thinking about
butterflies drinking tea again.
Now, Seb asked...
Until your race, until that race,
Australia was beating Great Britain
in the medals table.
You then won gold and this is
what the table looked like
at the end of the Games.
Britain two ahead of Australia.
Yes!
CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
I mean...
And the thing is, I did have a bet
that if Paralympics GB
beat Australia,
I'd have your names added
to my prosthetic leg.
You never learn, do you, Adam?
Every Games. So, I've done that
but first,
we want you to spend the rest
of the show in style
so we've organised some
thrones over here for you
to spend the show on. We've got
your favourite food, the stuff
that you couldn't eat in training,
which I believe is pizza and crisps.
Is that right? Sounds good. Yes.
Menna and Jen, would you like to
make your way over to the thrones?
CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
There you go.
Could we please present them with
my newly painted prosthetic leg
with your names right front
and centre on the bottom?
FANFARE PLAYS
Freshly done this afternoon.
Menna and Jen!
CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
We'll be back with more of
The Last Leg in a minute
as we poke Putin,
plus we want to know
how you're fucking with Facebook.
Tell us how you've changed
your profile or send us a
screengrab at "TheLastLeg,"
use the hashtag "defacefacebook."
We'll see you in a little bit.
CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
APPLAUSE
Welcome back to The Last Leg.
We are still joined by
Michael Sheen,
Menna Fitzpatrick and Jen Kehoe.
Charlotte asked...
That's because just today
Apple have proposed
new emojis for a whole range
of disabilities
and they look like this.
There's a hearing aid, there's
a guide dog, a prosthetic arm.
I think that the dogs need to have
someone behind them, otherwise
somebody would be going,
"You're are not disabled, mate,
"you're just not a human,
you're a dog."
Same with that leg in the bottom
left corner.
That is not attached to a person.
That is not like...
That couldn't enter
the Paralympics on its own.
That is amazing. Apparently, if
there is support for it,
it will happen. So if you can
support it on Twitter,
please do. Let's talk Russia now.
And as Vladimir Putin was elected
with a landslide
majority of 70% this week,
Stephanie Carswell asked...
I mean, some of them
looked a bit dodgy.
I mean, they were enticing
people out to vote.
Younger Russians were enticed to
vote with free tickets
to pop concerts, whereas older
voters were given free cancer
screenings.
Sounds fair, I suppose.
What a weird thing.
Which would you prefer, Michael?
Er... I just like to do things
whilst hidden by balloons.
Well, that is the thing.
They had massive slices of cake,
which was hilarious.
You should never,
ever accept food off Vladimir Putin.
And the balloons came into it,
so you've seen this clip.
Some officials were accused of
stuffing fake voting slips into
ballot boxes.
Some people seemed to have voted
two or three times.
They were captured trying to put on
a hat and look different. But, OK...
Some were stuffing ballot boxes
while other people tried to
cover up for it.
Now, I'm not saying that's what
was going on in this grainy CCTV
footage,
but it does look pretty suspicious.
There you go.
Voting. Maybe we might be doing...
..about to do something shifty.
So while we do, you just bring...
..in front of the camera.
That is... I just thought the
bloke from Up had come into vote.
The thing with... Have you seen
the Russian version of Up?
He gets shot down over the Ukraine.
He doesn't actually!
As the British policeman
poisoned in the recent spy
attack was released from hospital
this week, Russian diplomats were
expelled from the embassy in London.
Here's the thing - one of our
eagle-eyed producers at
The Last Leg spotted this van that
arrived to help with the removals.
Now, if you look carefully, that is
a faded sign on the side
that says Fisher Scientific.
Now, we looked into it.
Fisher Scientific is the UK's
leading supplier of chemicals.
Who is pranking who right now?
I tell you what, what would have
been worse for those Russians
going home is, if on the back of
the van it would have had a number
and a sign saying,
"How is my killing?"
If I was in Russia right now
I would not get into a van with
a chemical company on the side.
What do you make of it all
this week, Michael?
It's just sort of mental, isn't it?
I did a...
I wrote a thing
about Edgar Allan Poe years ago,
and the whole thing about how
Edgar Allan Poe died
was that apparently he got used
to dummy-vote, to be taken...
He was made drunk and
taken into voting stations...
Really?
No-one knew he was Edgar Allan Poe
and then he was just
left dumped on the side of the road.
This is Russia today.
Wow. Do you believe
the conspiracy theorists?
A lot of people in Britain
today are saying, "The government
"are hiding something,
the government are covering it up."
A lot of Russians have said...
Some people in Russia have said the
British government are behind it.
But Channel 4 interviewed a close
friend of Vladimir Putin last night.
He gave this rather less believable
theory on who poisoned
Sergei Skripal and his daughter.
My opinion is, and I believe that
I am right,
that nobody did this.
Maybe it was not good beer,
maybe...
..in the restaurant.
Food poisoning?
They are alive now, they are OK.
They are not OK, they are
in critical condition.
No, no, no.
I want to see his theories on other
events.
Maybe JFK was eating
popping candy, we don't know.
I've had a beer
when the barrel's needed changing,
but it's not done that to me!
And, look, while we are talking
Russia, Clare Harrison said...
Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson
compared Hitler's use
of the 1936 Olympics as a propaganda
tool to what Putin
may do with this year's World Cup.
Is that fair?
I just don't want us to pull out of
the World Cup, Adam.
You got to see how
easy our group is.
That is going to come back
to haunt you!
I am in no way
scared of Vladimir Putin.
In fact, after surviving
last week's trolling, tonight
I am going to take my trolling
of Putin to a brand-new level.
So that is why, oh, yeah, I've done
something massively painful
and personally embarrassing.
Are you ready for this?
Are you ready for this? Right.
Cop a load of this, Putin.
Here you go.
ALL EXCLAIM AND WHOOP
Oh, my! Woohoo! Oh, no!
Yeah! What do you think of that?
APPLAUSE
Oh, yeah! Why is it so inflamed?
That's its normal size, what it
normally looks like.
Stop... What it normally looks like.
I'm going to put it away, going to
put it away now.
ALL EXCLAIM
There you go.
There you go!
There is a land down under!
That is something else!
Tell you what,
it turns out these came in handy.
We'll be back with more of The Last
Leg in a minute to wrap up
the last seven days.
We'll see you soon.
APPLAUSE
Welcome back to The Last Leg.
We're still joined by Michael Sheen,
Menna Fitzpatrick, Jen Kehoe.
Michael, what are you up to next,
as well as your campaigning?
I'm doing a film of Dr Dolittle
at the moment. Ooh. Yeah.
And when's it out?
Oh, not until 2030, probably.
Menna and Jen, after the Winter
Paralympics, you've got a break.
What are you guys
going to do with it?
We're off skiing.
On a skiing holiday. For a holiday!
Can't get enough.
JOSH: Can I just say, there was
a great moment in the break
where Jen said to Menna,
about the bit where you stood up
with the balloons... Yeah?
.."You're lucky
you didn't get to see that."
Josh has been dredging up the gold
from the last seven days.
What have you got? Now, there
is a gorilla in an American zoo
who went viral this week,
cos he doesn't like
getting his hands dirty. Yeah?
So he walks upright.
So would you like to see
the most human-like gorilla walking
you have ever seen? Yes, please.
A bit of trivia -
that's actually Michael
in Dr Dolittle.
Have we got one more?
Last clip of the series. Yeah?
It's an absolute belter.
The end of the Winter Paralympics,
we're all trying to get fit. Yeah.
Would you like to see
the most embarrassing thing
that has ever happened
on a treadmill? Yes.
So good.
It lived up to it.
It lived up to the hype.
Very briefly, we asked you to
change your identity on Facebook,
using the hash tag #defaceFacebook.
A whole bunch have come in,
including this one from Amy Packer.
She is now...
She likes Hoover companies,
a honky-tonk bar and bananas.
And is dressed as a banana.
Thank you.
The next one was Hannah Avocado.
My favourite came from Ellie Mole,
whose Facebook page
now looks like this.
JOSH: Oh, for God's sake!
CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
That is pretty much
all we've got time for tonight.
Would you please thank our guests,
Michael Sheen...
CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
..Menna Fitzpatrick...
..and Jen Kehoe!
CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
And my co-hosts, Josh Widdicombe...
..and Alex Brooker.
CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
We will be back later in the year
with more Last Leg.
But we do want to just say
a couple of quick goodbyes.
You might not know this at home,
but, since about 2014,
we've been filming this show
at The London Studios,
right here on the Thames in London.
And they will be no more.
This is our last show
at these studios.
We will be back again, you probably
won't even notice the difference,
but we just want to...
Can we have a round of applause
and a goodbye to everyone here
at London Studios?
CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
Particular Edward -
it's been a joy working with you.
Also, very briefly,
our commissioning editor, Syeda,
who's been with us since the
Paralympics in... Since episode two!
Since episode two.
When it started to go downhill!
Syeda, we love you.
And we've changed our bullshit
button to hear the phrase...
To the phrase that we heard most
from her, which is...
That's just a massive "No".
Tonight, though, we'd like to end
the show with a tribute
to Britain's most decorated
Winter Paralympians ever,
Menna Fitzpatrick and Jen Kehoe.
Thanks for watching The Last Leg.
My name's Adam Hills.
We'll see you later in the year
for the next leg.
CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
MUSIC: Delilah
by Tom Jones
# Ba-ba-baaaa, ba-ba-ba
# Ba-ba-baaaa, ba-ba-ba... #
One more time, everybody!
CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
Subtitles by Red Bee Media